Repository format
=================
This described format of repository that is generated by `generate.sh` and read by
`turris-news`.

Repository has root index that contains list of all channels. Every channel has
its own index for news it contains.

Channels index
--------------
This is index of all channels and is intended as root of news repository. It is
file compressed with gzip. Its format is divided to lines. On first line is
expected version of repository format. Currently only version `1` is expected and
supported. Rest of the lines define channels. Format is as follows:
```
updates:0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000:Description
:updates:cs:Popis
:updates:de:Beschreibung
```
Where first word on first line is name of channel. Second section of first line is
sha256sum of news index (see next section). Third section of first line is English
description. There are subsequent lines that allow you to define translated
descriptions. They have empty first section, second section is once again name of
channel, third section is language code and fourth section is just description
text.

News index
----------
This is channel specific index containing list of all messages in given channel.
It is required to exist if given channel is specified in channels index.

It is gzipped plain text file with following format:
```
190811:new_module:md:0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
:new_module:cs:0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
:new_module:de:0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
```
Where in the first section of the first line is date of news release. Second
section is news identifier. Third section is news format (currently only `md` is
supported).  Fourth section is sha256sum of gzipped news content. Any subsequent
lines are translated versions. In those is no date section, in third section is
language identifier and subsequent fourth section contains sha256sum of that
translated version.

Lines should be sorted and translations should be underneath their English
variant.
